memory-bank/airoadmap.md, before:

# AI Roadmap Project Documentation

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router: Pages, Layouts, Components, API Routes
│   ├── (app)/              # Protected application routes requiring auth
│   │   ├── dashboard/      # Dashboard with stats and overview
│   │   ├── assessment/     # Assessment features
│   │   │   ├── current/    # List of user's current assessments
│   │   │   ├── new/        # New assessment creation
│   │   │   └── [id]/       # Individual assessment views
│   │   ├── reports/        # Assessment reports
│   │   │   └── [id]/       # Individual report views
│   │   └── library/        # Library management
│   ├── api/                # Next.js API Route handlers
│   │   ├── assessment/     # Assessment-related API endpoints
│   │   ├── reports/        # Report-related API endpoints
│   │   └── library/        # Library management API endpoints
│   └── LandingPageContent.tsx  # Client component for landing page
├── client/src/             # Legacy client-side code (React/Vite) - Less used now
├── components/             # Reusable UI components
│   ├── ui/                 # Shadcn UI components
│   ├── assessment/         # Assessment-related components
│   ├── report/             # Report-related components 
│   ├── library/            # Library Management UI (DataTable, Dialogs, Layout)
│   └── shared/             # Components shared across different features
├── server/                 # Backend-specific logic (non-request handling)
│   ├── storage.ts          # Storage abstraction layer interface
│   ├── pg-storage.ts       # PostgreSQL storage implementation
│   ├── lib/                # Server-side libraries (e.g., prioritizationEngine)
│   ├── scripts/            # Server-side utility scripts (migrations, scraping etc.)
│   └── batch-processing/   # Batch processing logic
├── shared/                 # Code shared between client and server
│   └── schema.ts           # Database schema (Drizzle) and shared types
├── lib/                    # General utility functions (client-side focus)
├── hooks/                  # Custom React hooks (client-side focus)
├── migrations/             # Database migrations (Drizzle Kit)
├── public/                 # Static assets served by Next.js
├── docs/                   # Project documentation
└── memory-bank/            # AI Assistant project knowledge base
```

## Viewing Reports

Report-Related Routes
*   Page Routes:
  *   /reports - Main reports listing page (app/(app)/reports/page.tsx)
  *   /reports/[id] - Individual report view (app/(app)/reports/[id]/page.tsx)
*   API Routes:
  *   /api/reports - Main reports API endpoint:
    *   GET - Lists all reports or filters by assessmentId
    *   POST - Creates a new report
  *   /api/reports/[id] - Likely handles operations on a specific report
  *   /api/public/reports - Public fallback endpoint that also lists reports
*   Key Components:
  *   ReportsTable.tsx - Client component that displays reports in the UI

Data Flow
The reports data flow follows this pattern:
  *   Server Component (page.tsx) uses storage.listReports() to fetch reports
  *   API Routes also use the same storage interface for data operations
  *   Both rely on the PostgreSQL implementation in pg-storage.ts
  *   listReports() implementation has a fallback mechanism that uses raw SQL if the ORM query fails


Caching Considerations
All routes include cache control headers and use unstable_noStore() to disable caching:

unstable_noStore();
// and
headers: {
  'Cache-Control': 'no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate'
}

## Recent Changes / Milestones

*   **UI Client-Server Refactoring (August 2024):**
    *   Refactored key pages to properly separate Server Components from Client Components
    *   Fixed "Refs cannot be used in Server Components" errors across the application
    *   Implemented a consistent pattern for data fetching and UI rendering
    *   Created client components (`ReportsTable.tsx`, `DashboardContent.tsx`, `LandingPageContent.tsx`)
    *   Enhanced dashboard UI with metrics and card-based layout
    *   Added Current Assessments page with management capabilities
    
*   **Library UI Refactor (July 2024):**
    *   Refactored `components/library/DataTable.tsx` into a generic component using `@tanstack/react-table`, removing conditional logic and improving type safety.
    *   Updated `components/library/LibraryLayout.tsx` to define columns (`ColumnDef`) for Job Roles, AI Capabilities, and AI Tools, passing them to the appropriate `DataTable` instances or using `useReactTable` directly.
    *   Corrected usage of `AiTool` primary key (`tool_id` instead of `id`) throughout the library components.
    *   Created a reusable `components/shared/ConfirmationDialog.tsx`.
    *   Resolved various type errors related to `tsconfig.json` configuration and component prop mismatches.

## UI Architecture Pattern

The application now follows a consistent UI architecture pattern to properly separate server and client components:

1. **Server Components (`app/(app)/[feature]/page.tsx`):**
   - Focus on data fetching using `async`/`await`
   - Minimal UI structure
   - Pass data to client components

2. **Client Components (`app/(app)/[feature]/ComponentName.tsx`):**
   - Marked with `'use client'` directive
   - Handle UI rendering with Shadcn UI components
   - Implement interactive features

Key implementations of this pattern:
- **Dashboard:** `app/(app)/dashboard/page.tsx` + `DashboardContent.tsx`
- **Reports:** `app/(app)/reports/page.tsx` + `ReportsTable.tsx`
- **Landing Page:** `app/page.tsx` + `LandingPageContent.tsx`
- **Current Assessments:** `app/(app)/assessment/current/page.tsx` + `CurrentAssessmentsTable.tsx`

## Environment Information

### Development Environment
- **Node.js Version:** Latest LTS (as specified in package.json)
- **Package Manager:** npm
- **TypeScript:** ^5.6.3
- **ES Modules:** Enabled (`"type": "module"` in package.json)

### Build & Deployment
- **Build Tool:** Next.js (`next build`)
- **Deployment Platform:** Vercel
- **Build Commands:**
  - `npm run build` -> `next build`
  - `npm run dev` -> `next dev`
  - `npm run start` -> `next start`

### Environment Variables
Required environment variables:
- `NODE_ENV` - Environment mode (development, production, test)
- Database connection variables (typically in .env files)
- API keys and secrets (if applicable)

### Scripts
Key npm scripts:
- `dev`: Start Next.js development server
- `build`: Build Next.js application for production
- `start`: Start Next.js production server
- `test`: Run tests
- `db:push` - Push database schema changes
- `db:setup` - Setup environment
- `storage:export` - Export storage data
- `storage:migrate` - Migrate to PostgreSQL
- `scraper:run` - Run job scraper
- `scraper:tools` - Run tool scraper
- `process:batch` - Process batch output

### Vercel Configuration
- **Framework Preset:** Next.js (Auto-detected)
- **Build Command:** `npm run build` (which runs `next build`)
- **Output Directory:** `.next` (Auto-detected)
- **API Routes:** Handled automatically by Next.js preset based on `app/api/`.
- **Static Assets:** Handled automatically by Next.js preset.
- **Cron Jobs:**
  - Job scraper: Daily at midnight
  - Job description processing: Daily at 2 AM

## Database Schema

*(Schema defined using Drizzle ORM in `shared/schema.ts`)*

### Core Assessment Tables

#### Users (`users`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  username TEXT NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  password TEXT NOT NULL, -- Hashed password
  full_name TEXT NOT NULL,
  email TEXT NOT NULL,
  role TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'consultant' -- e.g., consultant, admin
);
```

#### Organizations (`organizations`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE organizations (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  industry TEXT NOT NULL,
  size TEXT NOT NULL, -- e.g., Small, Medium, Large
  description TEXT
);
```

#### Departments (`departments`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE departments (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  description TEXT
);
```

#### Job Roles (`job_roles`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_roles (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  department_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES departments(id)
  description TEXT,
  key_responsibilities TEXT[],
  ai_potential TEXT -- e.g., High, Medium, Low
);
```

#### AI Capabilities (`ai_capabilities`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE ai_capabilities (
  id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, -- Uses integer PK based on migration script
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  category TEXT NOT NULL,
  description TEXT,
  implementation_effort TEXT, -- Qualitative: High, Medium, Low
  business_value TEXT, -- Qualitative: High, Medium, Low, Very High
  ease_score NUMERIC, -- Quantitative score (e.g., 1-5)
  value_score NUMERIC, -- Quantitative score (e.g., 1-5)
  primary_category TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  license_type TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  website_url TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  tags TEXT[], -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Assessments (`assessments`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessments (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  organization_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES organizations(id)
  user_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES users(id)
  status TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'draft', -- e.g., draft, completed
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(), -- Added for sorting current assessments
  step_data JSONB -- Stores wizard step data
);
```

#### Assessment Responses (`assessment_responses`)
*(Stores individual answers from the assessment wizard)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessment_responses (
  response_id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  assessment_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES assessments(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  user_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  question_identifier TEXT NOT NULL, -- e.g., "painPoints.roleX.severity"
  response_text TEXT,
  response_numeric NUMERIC,
  response_boolean BOOLEAN,
  response_json JSONB, -- For multi-select, complex data
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Assessment Scores (`assessment_scores`)
*(Stores calculated scores per assessment step/role)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessment_scores (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  wizard_step_id TEXT NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  time_savings NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  quality_impact NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  strategic_alignment NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  data_readiness NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  technical_feasibility NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  adoption_risk NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  value_potential_total NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  ease_of_implementation_total NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  total_score NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Reports (`reports`)
*(Stores the generated reports for assessments)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE reports (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  assessment_id INTEGER NOT NULL UNIQUE REFERENCES assessments(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  generated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  executive_summary TEXT,
  prioritization_data JSONB, -- Stores heatmap and prioritized items
  ai_suggestions JSONB, -- Stores AI solution recommendations
  performance_impact JSONB, -- Stores role impacts and ROI
  consultant_commentary TEXT -- Optional commentary from consultant
);
```

### Library / External Data Tables

#### AI Tools (`ai_tools`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE ai_tools (
  tool_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, -- Uses integer PK based on migration script
  tool_name TEXT NOT NULL,
  primary_category TEXT,
  license_type TEXT,
  description TEXT,
  website_url TEXT,
  tags TEXT[],
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  UNIQUE (tool_name) -- Added via index idx_ai_tools_tool_name
);
```

#### Capability Tool Mapping (`capability_tool_mapping`)
*(Many-to-many relationship between AI Capabilities and AI Tools)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE capability_tool_mapping (
  capability_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES ai_capabilities(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES ai_tools(tool_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  PRIMARY KEY (capability_id, tool_id)
);
```

#### Job Descriptions (`job_descriptions`)
*(Stores scraped job posting data)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_descriptions (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  company TEXT,
  location TEXT,
  job_board TEXT NOT NULL,
  source_url TEXT NOT NULL,
  raw_content TEXT NOT NULL,
  processed_content JSONB,
  keywords TEXT[],
  date_scraped TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  date_processed TIMESTAMP,
  status TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'raw', -- raw, processed, error
  error TEXT
);
```

#### Job Scraper Configs (`job_scraper_configs`)
*(Configuration for the job scraping process)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_scraper_configs (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  target_website TEXT NOT NULL,
  keywords TEXT[],
  location TEXT,
  is_active BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT TRUE,
  cron_schedule TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT '0 0 * * *', -- Daily at midnight
  last_run TIMESTAMP,
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

### Key Types

#### Scoring Criteria
```typescript
export const scoringCriteria = {
  valuePotential: {
    timeSavings: "time_savings",
    qualityImpact: "quality_impact",
    strategicAlignment: "strategic_alignment"
  },
  easeOfImplementation: {
    dataReadiness: "data_readiness",
    technicalFeasibility: "technical_feasibility",
    adoptionRisk: "adoption_risk"
  }
};
```

#### Assessment Data Types
```typescript
// Defined by Zod schema `wizardStepDataSchema` in shared/schema.ts
export type WizardStepData = z.infer<typeof wizardStepDataSchema>;

// Example subset:
{
  basics: {
    companyName: string;
    industry: string;
    // ...etc
  };
  roles: {
    selectedRoles: Array<{
      id?: number;
      title: string;
      department: string;
      // ...etc
    }>;
  };
  // ... other steps ...
}
```

## Migrations

*(Migrations managed by Drizzle Kit in the `migrations/` folder)*

### Current Migrations
1. `0000_needy_tomas.sql` - Initial schema setup
2. `0001_early_johnny_storm.sql` - First schema update
3. `0002_lazy_silver_samurai.sql` - Second schema update
4. `0003_client_server_updates.sql` - Updates for client-server pattern

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** Next.js (App Router), React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn UI
- **Backend:** Next.js API Routes (`app/api/`), Node.js
- **Database:** PostgreSQL with Drizzle ORM
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **State Management:** TanStack Query for data fetching, Zustand for client state
- **Data Visualization:** React-based charting libraries (heatmaps, etc.)

## Recent Updates

- **Local Caching**: The assessment wizard now uses local caching for step data, committing to the database only on final submission.

Commit message:

Added updates to the Playwright test scripts, also improvements to the OpenAI APIs to support batch scripting

memory-bank/airoadmap.md, after:

# AI Roadmap Project Documentation

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router: Pages, Layouts, Components, API Routes
│   ├── (app)/              # Protected application routes requiring auth
│   │   ├── dashboard/      # Dashboard with stats and overview
│   │   ├── assessment/     # Assessment features
│   │   │   ├── current/    # List of user's current assessments
│   │   │   ├── new/        # New assessment creation
│   │   │   └── [id]/       # Individual assessment views
│   │   ├── reports/        # Assessment reports
│   │   │   └── [id]/       # Individual report views
│   │   └── library/        # Library management
│   ├── api/                # Next.js API Route handlers
│   │   ├── assessment/     # Assessment-related API endpoints
│   │   ├── reports/        # Report-related API endpoints
│   │   └── library/        # Library management API endpoints
│   └── LandingPageContent.tsx  # Client component for landing page
├── client/src/             # Legacy client-side code (React/Vite) - Less used now
├── components/             # Reusable UI components
│   ├── ui/                 # Shadcn UI components
│   ├── assessment/         # Assessment-related components
│   ├── report/             # Report-related components 
│   ├── library/            # Library Management UI (DataTable, Dialogs, Layout)
│   └── shared/             # Components shared across different features
├── server/                 # Backend-specific logic (non-request handling)
│   ├── storage.ts          # Storage abstraction layer interface
│   ├── pg-storage.ts       # PostgreSQL storage implementation
│   ├── lib/                # Server-side libraries (e.g., prioritizationEngine)
│   ├── scripts/            # Server-side utility scripts (migrations, scraping etc.)
│   └── batch-processing/   # Batch processing logic
├── shared/                 # Code shared between client and server
│   └── schema.ts           # Database schema (Drizzle) and shared types
├── lib/                    # General utility functions (client-side focus)
├── hooks/                  # Custom React hooks (client-side focus)
├── migrations/             # Database migrations (Drizzle Kit)
├── public/                 # Static assets served by Next.js
├── docs/                   # Project documentation
└── memory-bank/            # AI Assistant project knowledge base
```

## Viewing Reports

Report-Related Routes
*   Page Routes:
  *   /reports - Main reports listing page (app/(app)/reports/page.tsx)
  *   /reports/[id] - Individual report view (app/(app)/reports/[id]/page.tsx)
*   API Routes:
  *   /api/reports - Main reports API endpoint:
    *   GET - Lists all reports or filters by assessmentId
    *   POST - Creates a new report
  *   /api/reports/[id] - Likely handles operations on a specific report
  *   /api/public/reports - Public fallback endpoint that also lists reports
*   Key Components:
  *   ReportsTable.tsx - Client component that displays reports in the UI

Data Flow
The reports data flow follows this pattern:
  *   Server Component (page.tsx) uses storage.listReports() to fetch reports
  *   API Routes also use the same storage interface for data operations
  *   Both rely on the PostgreSQL implementation in pg-storage.ts
  *   listReports() implementation has a fallback mechanism that uses raw SQL if the ORM query fails

*** Generating Report using OpenAI API Calls ***

When you click "Generate Report" on the final assessment step, the system:
Creates an assessment record (/api/assessments)
Generates a report based on that assessment (/api/reports/assessment/${id})
The report generation process involves multiple AI calls:
generateEnhancedExecutiveSummary - Uses OpenAI to create a summary
generateAICapabilityRecommendations - For each role in the assessment (This is being used in the Opportunities tab and generates specific AI capability recommendations for each of the top roles identified in the assessment.)
generatePerformanceImpact - For each role and department (Used in the "Performance Metrics" tab. These predictions provide numerical metrics for expected improvements and ROI. From the screenshot, you can see "$490000 Estimated Annual ROI" in the right panel)

Caching Considerations
All routes include cache control headers and use unstable_noStore() to disable caching:

unstable_noStore();
// and
headers: {
  'Cache-Control': 'no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate'
}

## Recent Changes / Milestones

*   **UI Client-Server Refactoring (August 2024):**
    *   Refactored key pages to properly separate Server Components from Client Components
    *   Fixed "Refs cannot be used in Server Components" errors across the application
    *   Implemented a consistent pattern for data fetching and UI rendering
    *   Created client components (`ReportsTable.tsx`, `DashboardContent.tsx`, `LandingPageContent.tsx`)
    *   Enhanced dashboard UI with metrics and card-based layout
    *   Added Current Assessments page with management capabilities
    
*   **Library UI Refactor (July 2024):**
    *   Refactored `components/library/DataTable.tsx` into a generic component using `@tanstack/react-table`, removing conditional logic and improving type safety.
    *   Updated `components/library/LibraryLayout.tsx` to define columns (`ColumnDef`) for Job Roles, AI Capabilities, and AI Tools, passing them to the appropriate `DataTable` instances or using `useReactTable` directly.
    *   Corrected usage of `AiTool` primary key (`tool_id` instead of `id`) throughout the library components.
    *   Created a reusable `components/shared/ConfirmationDialog.tsx`.
    *   Resolved various type errors related to `tsconfig.json` configuration and component prop mismatches.

## UI Architecture Pattern

The application now follows a consistent UI architecture pattern to properly separate server and client components:

1. **Server Components (`app/(app)/[feature]/page.tsx`):**
   - Focus on data fetching using `async`/`await`
   - Minimal UI structure
   - Pass data to client components

2. **Client Components (`app/(app)/[feature]/ComponentName.tsx`):**
   - Marked with `'use client'` directive
   - Handle UI rendering with Shadcn UI components
   - Implement interactive features

Key implementations of this pattern:
- **Dashboard:** `app/(app)/dashboard/page.tsx` + `DashboardContent.tsx`
- **Reports:** `app/(app)/reports/page.tsx` + `ReportsTable.tsx`
- **Landing Page:** `app/page.tsx` + `LandingPageContent.tsx`
- **Current Assessments:** `app/(app)/assessment/current/page.tsx` + `CurrentAssessmentsTable.tsx`

## Environment Information

### Development Environment
- **Node.js Version:** Latest LTS (as specified in package.json)
- **Package Manager:** npm
- **TypeScript:** ^5.6.3
- **ES Modules:** Enabled (`"type": "module"` in package.json)

### Build & Deployment
- **Build Tool:** Next.js (`next build`)
- **Deployment Platform:** Vercel
- **Build Commands:**
  - `npm run build` -> `next build`
  - `npm run dev` -> `next dev`
  - `npm run start` -> `next start`

### Environment Variables
Required environment variables:
- `NODE_ENV` - Environment mode (development, production, test)
- Database connection variables (typically in .env files)
- API keys and secrets (if applicable)

### Scripts
Key npm scripts:
- `dev`: Start Next.js development server
- `build`: Build Next.js application for production
- `start`: Start Next.js production server
- `test`: Run tests
- `db:push` - Push database schema changes
- `db:setup` - Setup environment
- `storage:export` - Export storage data
- `storage:migrate` - Migrate to PostgreSQL
- `scraper:run` - Run job scraper
- `scraper:tools` - Run tool scraper
- `process:batch` - Process batch output

### Vercel Configuration
- **Framework Preset:** Next.js (Auto-detected)
- **Build Command:** `npm run build` (which runs `next build`)
- **Output Directory:** `.next` (Auto-detected)
- **API Routes:** Handled automatically by Next.js preset based on `app/api/`.
- **Static Assets:** Handled automatically by Next.js preset.
- **Cron Jobs:**
  - Job scraper: Daily at midnight
  - Job description processing: Daily at 2 AM

## Database Schema

*(Schema defined using Drizzle ORM in `shared/schema.ts`)*

### Core Assessment Tables

#### Users (`users`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  username TEXT NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  password TEXT NOT NULL, -- Hashed password
  full_name TEXT NOT NULL,
  email TEXT NOT NULL,
  role TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'consultant' -- e.g., consultant, admin
);
```

#### Organizations (`organizations`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE organizations (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  industry TEXT NOT NULL,
  size TEXT NOT NULL, -- e.g., Small, Medium, Large
  description TEXT
);
```

#### Departments (`departments`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE departments (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  description TEXT
);
```

#### Job Roles (`job_roles`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_roles (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  department_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES departments(id)
  description TEXT,
  key_responsibilities TEXT[],
  ai_potential TEXT -- e.g., High, Medium, Low
);
```

#### AI Capabilities (`ai_capabilities`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE ai_capabilities (
  id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, -- Uses integer PK based on migration script
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  category TEXT NOT NULL,
  description TEXT,
  implementation_effort TEXT, -- Qualitative: High, Medium, Low
  business_value TEXT, -- Qualitative: High, Medium, Low, Very High
  ease_score NUMERIC, -- Quantitative score (e.g., 1-5)
  value_score NUMERIC, -- Quantitative score (e.g., 1-5)
  primary_category TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  license_type TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  website_url TEXT, -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  tags TEXT[], -- Migrated field from ai_tools
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Assessments (`assessments`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessments (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  organization_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES organizations(id)
  user_id INTEGER NOT NULL, -- REFERENCES users(id)
  status TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'draft', -- e.g., draft, completed
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(), -- Added for sorting current assessments
  step_data JSONB -- Stores wizard step data
);
```

#### Assessment Responses (`assessment_responses`)
*(Stores individual answers from the assessment wizard)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessment_responses (
  response_id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  assessment_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES assessments(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  user_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  question_identifier TEXT NOT NULL, -- e.g., "painPoints.roleX.severity"
  response_text TEXT,
  response_numeric NUMERIC,
  response_boolean BOOLEAN,
  response_json JSONB, -- For multi-select, complex data
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Assessment Scores (`assessment_scores`)
*(Stores calculated scores per assessment step/role)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE assessment_scores (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  wizard_step_id TEXT NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  time_savings NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  quality_impact NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  strategic_alignment NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  data_readiness NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  technical_feasibility NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  adoption_risk NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  value_potential_total NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  ease_of_implementation_total NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  total_score NUMERIC NOT NULL,
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

#### Reports (`reports`)
*(Stores the generated reports for assessments)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE reports (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  assessment_id INTEGER NOT NULL UNIQUE REFERENCES assessments(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  generated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  executive_summary TEXT,
  prioritization_data JSONB, -- Stores heatmap and prioritized items
  ai_suggestions JSONB, -- Stores AI solution recommendations
  performance_impact JSONB, -- Stores role impacts and ROI
  consultant_commentary TEXT -- Optional commentary from consultant
);
```

### Library / External Data Tables

#### AI Tools (`ai_tools`)
```sql
CREATE TABLE ai_tools (
  tool_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, -- Uses integer PK based on migration script
  tool_name TEXT NOT NULL,
  primary_category TEXT,
  license_type TEXT,
  description TEXT,
  website_url TEXT,
  tags TEXT[],
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  UNIQUE (tool_name) -- Added via index idx_ai_tools_tool_name
);
```

#### Capability Tool Mapping (`capability_tool_mapping`)
*(Many-to-many relationship between AI Capabilities and AI Tools)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE capability_tool_mapping (
  capability_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES ai_capabilities(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL REFERENCES ai_tools(tool_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  PRIMARY KEY (capability_id, tool_id)
);
```

#### Job Descriptions (`job_descriptions`)
*(Stores scraped job posting data)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_descriptions (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  title TEXT NOT NULL,
  company TEXT,
  location TEXT,
  job_board TEXT NOT NULL,
  source_url TEXT NOT NULL,
  raw_content TEXT NOT NULL,
  processed_content JSONB,
  keywords TEXT[],
  date_scraped TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW(),
  date_processed TIMESTAMP,
  status TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'raw', -- raw, processed, error
  error TEXT
);
```

#### Job Scraper Configs (`job_scraper_configs`)
*(Configuration for the job scraping process)*
```sql
CREATE TABLE job_scraper_configs (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  target_website TEXT NOT NULL,
  keywords TEXT[],
  location TEXT,
  is_active BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT TRUE,
  cron_schedule TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT '0 0 * * *', -- Daily at midnight
  last_run TIMESTAMP,
  created_at TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

### Key Types

#### Scoring Criteria
```typescript
export const scoringCriteria = {
  valuePotential: {
    timeSavings: "time_savings",
    qualityImpact: "quality_impact",
    strategicAlignment: "strategic_alignment"
  },
  easeOfImplementation: {
    dataReadiness: "data_readiness",
    technicalFeasibility: "technical_feasibility",
    adoptionRisk: "adoption_risk"
  }
};
```

#### Assessment Data Types
```typescript
// Defined by Zod schema `wizardStepDataSchema` in shared/schema.ts
export type WizardStepData = z.infer<typeof wizardStepDataSchema>;

// Example subset:
{
  basics: {
    companyName: string;
    industry: string;
    // ...etc
  };
  roles: {
    selectedRoles: Array<{
      id?: number;
      title: string;
      department: string;
      // ...etc
    }>;
  };
  // ... other steps ...
}
```

## Migrations

*(Migrations managed by Drizzle Kit in the `migrations/` folder)*

### Current Migrations
1. `0000_needy_tomas.sql` - Initial schema setup
2. `0001_early_johnny_storm.sql` - First schema update
3. `0002_lazy_silver_samurai.sql` - Second schema update
4. `0003_client_server_updates.sql` - Updates for client-server pattern

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** Next.js (App Router), React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn UI
- **Backend:** Next.js API Routes (`app/api/`), Node.js
- **Database:** PostgreSQL with Drizzle ORM
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **State Management:** TanStack Query for data fetching, Zustand for client state
- **Data Visualization:** React-based charting libraries (heatmaps, etc.)

## Recent Updates

- **Local Caching**: The assessment wizard now uses local caching for step data, committing to the database only on final submission.
