{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/customgpt/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 CustomGPT.ai}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4214668592/?alternateChannel=search&refId=DPX%2F9t5GsewCYSZYv85MzA%3D%3D&trackingId=Z%2FqhRP5SHvH3UTiWep8PSQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Sales Development Representative (SDR) \'96 Top 7 AI Startup}}
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 Needham, MA\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About CustomGPT.ai :
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 GAI Insights, a top AI research firm, named us one of the
\f0\b  "Top 7 Emerging Leaders in AI,"
\f1\b0  placing us alongside OpenAI, Google, Microsoft, Anthropic, Cohere, and Meta. Our no-code AI platform brings custom AI to mid-market and SMB firms allowing them to gain value from Generative AI using their own data \'96 delivering clear results and rave customer reviews.\cb1 \
\cb3 We\'92re profitable, bootstrapped, and forging our own path without the constraints of traditional VC funding. This is a rare chance to join a company where you can shape strategy, drive revenue, and help define the playbook in a rapidly evolving industry.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 What\'92s in it for you?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Exciting Customers
\f1\b0 : Sell to innovative companies from $1M to $1B in revenue across industries \'96 one day a startup, next day a Fortune 500 division. They\'92re all exploring how AI can transform their business.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Big Impact and Earnings:
\f1\b0  You will be capturing and winning new business pursuits, and engaging in initial conversations with prospects to help achieve the annual revenue goals of the sales team. With a generous base salary + commission plan - Six-figure OTE is absolutely in reach when you crush it! \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cutting-Edge Product:
\f1\b0  You\'92ll be an expert in one of the hottest tech spaces \'96 you\'92ll guide customers to that \'93aha\'94 moment.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Growth Opportunity: 
\f1\b0 Join a small, mighty team (you\'92ll be our lead SDR) and help shape the sales playbook. Prove yourself here, and you could grow into an Account Executive or Team Lead as we expand.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 You'll be joining at a 
\f0\b pivotal growth moment
\f1\b0 , working with a product that customers genuinely love. Our current enterprise clients consistently praise our platform for its quality of answers, ease of use, scalability, and powerful API capabilities.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 What you\'92ll do:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Drive top-of-the-funnel lead generation\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Update and manage all sales activities, opportunities, and account information in CRM\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consistently achieve monthly quota of qualified opportunities\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Actively attract new partners by engaging new and existing leads\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pre-qualify opportunities by business size, industry and use cases\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work closely with Account Executives/Director of Sales to develop prospecting strategies\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leverage Hubspot and other sales tools to manage accounts through the top of the funnel sales cycle\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide our clients with effective value proposition\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Have consultative sales conversations, articulate value propositions and build rapport through effective communication\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What we\'92re looking for:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1+ years success in B2B SaaS sales development 
\f1\b0 (bonus if at a startup or in AI/tech). You\'92ve owned a quota and have the wins to show for it. Outbound experience is highly preferred. \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Targeting + Outbound Experience:
\f1\b0  You have experience identifying and targeting the right prospects based on ICP guidelines. You are able to effectively and meaningfully engage with these prospects once you have identified them. \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultative approach
\f1\b0 : You ask great questions and truly listen. You know how to create value for prospects in your conversations. (Experience with sales methodologies like SPIN, MEDDICC, MEDDPICC and Challenger is highly preferred) \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Drive & autonomy:
\f1\b0  You take initiative. Give you a pipeline and you run with it \'96 but you also know when to ask for help. You thrive in a startup environment where you can create structure, not just follow it.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tech savvy: 
\f1\b0 Comfortable with CRM systems (HubSpot), sales engagement tools, and you embrace using AI tools like ChatGPT to work smarter. (If you\'92re already the type to automate your follow-ups, you\'92ll fit right in!)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
High-energy & positive:
\f1\b0  You bring enthusiasm to your work that inspires colleagues and clients alike. Rejection rolls off you; you see each \'93no\'94 as one step closer to the next \'93yes.\'94\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Compensation & Benefits:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Base Salary: 60K\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OTE: $120K+ (with accelerators for over-performance)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Equity: Meaningful stock options with standard 4-year vesting and a 1-year cliff, giving you real skin in the game.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comprehensive Benefits: Health, 2-weeks vacation.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Growth Path: A clear trajectory to grow as our company grows.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 To apply, in addition to the application form, please
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\
\cb3 - Send an email to alden [at] customgpt [dot] ai with the subject line \'93Outbound SDR Strategy\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 - In your email, include: \cb1 \
\cb3  - A concise proposal (no more than 300 words) outlining two creative outbound prospecting tactics you\'92d deploy for a SaaS product you admire. \cb1 \
\cb3  - A brief case summary of a past SDR or lead\uc0\u8209 gen project you owned end\u8209 to\u8209 end: The scope (e.g. number of accounts/contacts targeted, deal sizes, industries). Key metrics you moved (e.g. email response rate, meeting\u8209 booking rate, qualified opportunities generated). How you iterated on your sequence or targeting to improve results\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Ready?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 If you\'92re craving an environment where you can flex your sales skills, leverage a world-class AI platform, and directly impact the company\'92s trajectory, let\'92s talk. Join CustomGPT.ai and help shape the future of generative AI sales\'97yours and ours.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li384\fi-384\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
}