{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/procore-technologies/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Procore Technologies}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4214377785/?alternateChannel=search&refId=NDXuxU%2B%2BjJ3IOQwT%2BQ5tcw%3D%3D&trackingId=P3VqwGHKuBOfP%2BJ1IN%2F%2B3A%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Enterprise/Strategic Sales Development Representative}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Job Description\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Procore is looking for an inspiring and accomplished 
\f0\b Enterprise/Strategic Sales Development Representative
\f1\b0  to join one of the highest-performing sales teams in the software industry. Our Strategic Sales Development team is a highly critical, essential component of our sales model and has helped fuel our incredible growth. As a 
\f0\b Enterprise/Strategic Sales Development Representative 
\f1\b0 you'll develop an understanding of the construction industry to help connect the largest and most complex companies around the world with Procore. Depending on staffing requirements,
\f0\b  SDRs
\f1\b0  may start in our 
\f0\b Flex
\f1\b0  team for at time before moving into an assigned territory.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We pride ourselves on setting challenging goals and having fun achieving them together. We value our culture and are looking for optimistic and motivated people to join our team. Are you up for the challenge?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 This position will report to the Sales Development Manager and has the opportunity to be based in Austin, TX, Carpinteria, CA or Tampa, FL. This is an ongoing, open requisition - we are looking for folks who are interested in learning more about starting a sales career at Procore now or in the future if/when a position becomes available.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What you'll do:
\f1\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create new business opportunities to fuel Procore\'92s growth\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Partner with an Account Executive to achieve mutually aligned sales quotas each month\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Engage construction professionals through phone, email, and other channels to understand their challenges and identify opportunities to solve them\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have the autonomy to operate beyond your role and help the team improve our process, training, use of technology, and any other aspects of our business\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work with sales management to develop targeted lists, call strategies, and messaging to create opportunities for new business\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conduct daily activities including:\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pre-call research and planning\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Make a high volume of calls per day\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Follow-up with previous contacts (nurturing leads)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maintain Salesforce records\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What we\'92re looking for:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Desire to pursue a career in Sales\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Will to achieve results\'97the curiosity and perseverance to push harder when the going gets tough\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Enjoy working in a collaborative, competitive environment\'97inspire your team to be better while achieving your goals\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Commitment to lifelong learning and continuous development\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Self-aware, reflective, and able to digest feedback critically and adapt to overcome challenges\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demonstrate our core values of Ownership, Optimism, and Openness\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Friendly, enthusiastic, and demonstrate empathy and thoughtfulness in your work\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Bonus Points:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1+ years experience in outbound sales/prospecting\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SaaS experience, especially in sales\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Entrepreneurship\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Construction industry experience\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bachelor\'92s degree is preferred but not required\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Additional Information\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Base Pay Range $26.25 - $41.50 plus commission for an estimated on-target earnings of $78,000 - $123,200. Compensation will be based on Strategic or Enterprise role. Procore is committed to offering competitive, fair, and commensurate compensation, and has provided an estimated pay range for this role. Actual compensation will be based on a candidate\'92s job-related skills, experience, education or training, and location.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Perks & Benefits\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Procore, we invest in our employees and provide a full range of benefits and perks to help you grow and thrive. From generous paid time off and healthcare coverage to career enrichment and development programs, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://careers.procore.com/homepage"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 learn more details}} about what we offer and how we empower you to be your best.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Us\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Procore Technologies is building the software that builds the world. We provide cloud-based construction management software that helps clients more efficiently build skyscrapers, hospitals, retail centers, airports, housing complexes, and more. At Procore, we have worked hard to create and maintain a culture where you can own your work and are encouraged and given resources to try new ideas. Check us out on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/Procore-Technologies-Reviews-E691343.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Glassdoor}} to see what others are saying about working at Procore.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We are an equal-opportunity employer and welcome builders of all backgrounds. We thrive in a dynamic and inclusive environment. We do not tolerate discrimination against candidates or employees on the basis of gender, sex, national origin, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, race, traveler community, status as a protected veteran or any other classification protected by law.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 If you'd like to stay in touch and be the first to hear about new roles at Procore, join our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.procore.com/homepage#talent-community"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Talent Community}}.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Alternative methods of applying for employment are available to individuals unable to submit an application through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.procore.com/homepage"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 this site}} because of a disability. Contact our benefits team {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.procore.com/accessibility-accommodation-request"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 here}} to discuss reasonable accommodations.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Procore will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest or conviction records, in accordance with the requirements of applicable federal, state, and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles\'92 Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment: 1. appropriately managing, accessing, and handling confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information, as well as accessing Procore's information technology systems and platforms; 2. interacting with and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external customers, stakeholders, and/or colleagues; and 3. exercising sound judgment.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}