{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/sprinklr/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sprinklr}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4209323444/?alternateChannel=search&refId=NDXuxU%2B%2BjJ3IOQwT%2BQ5tcw%3D%3D&trackingId=4ZAGvYety5zKm2G5jSr4vQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Enterprise Sales Development Representative}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sprinklr is a leading enterprise software company for all customer-facing functions. With advanced AI, Sprinklr's unified customer experience management (Unified-CXM) platform helps companies deliver human experiences to every customer, every time, across any modern channel. Headquartered in New York City with employees around the world, Sprinklr works with more than 1,000 of the world\'92s most valuable enterprises \'97 global brands like Microsoft, P&G, Samsung and more than 50% of the Fortune 100.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Learn more about our culture here: The Sprinklr Way.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Job Description
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Our Team:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Our sales team works with an industry-leading product that solves complex business challenges for our customers, at the enterprise level. As an Enterprise Sales Development Representative (SDR,) you'll get to join a team of driven, entrepreneurial, outside-the-box creative problem solvers.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We are obsessed with personal and professional development and are dedicated to the growth of all Sprinklrites. Our team is results-driven because we prioritize our mental health and wellbeing and support a flexible work culture.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 The Opportunity:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Looking for a career in technology? You'll have the opportunity to learn fundamental skills in preparation for an exciting career in software sales or a variety of other customer-facing roles.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As an SDR, you will prospect, qualify, and generate opportunities to support the overall growth of the business in North and South America. You'll be the first line of contact in generating new opportunities for the business integral to the growth of our company.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Our team is passionate about the ongoing transformation of inside sales to something that is personal, value-filled, and representative of social disruption. Whether you are looking to learn from the best, or be the best, a career in the Sprinklr SDR department is a phenomenal way to kick start your journey with us.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What You\'92ll Do:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will actively seek out new business opportunities through a variety of channels\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will be able to quickly research a company, identify opportunities, and strategize an approach to create interest for enterprise-level companies\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will work side by side with our Account Executive teams to strategize and generate value for existing and potential customers\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Who You Are & What Makes You Qualified:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Four-year college degree\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Desire to be in a software sales or other customer-facing positions as a career progression\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have a verifiable track record of success and goal attainment\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have a passion or experience on how technology is shaping the user experience\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You have a great attitude, like to collaborate and work with a growing team\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You are curious: always looking for an opportunity to learn, grow, and give/receive feedback\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You are a results-oriented individual who is excited by the prospect of adding to the continued growth and success of Sprinklr\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Our promise to you: 
\f1\b0 Our ethos is "people never forget how you make them feel" with that in mind we promise to be the springboard to the development of your future with a career at Sprinklr!\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Why You'll Love Sprinklr: 
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 We're committed to creating a culture where you feel like you belong, are happier today than you were yesterday, and your contributions matter. At Sprinklr, we passionately, genuinely care. For full-time employees, we provide a range of comprehensive health plans, leading well-being programs, and financial protection for you and your family through a range of global and localized plans throughout the world.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 For more information on Sprinklr Benefits around the world, head to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sprinklrbenefits.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://sprinklrbenefits.com/}} to browse our country-specific benefits guides.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We focus on our mission: We founded Sprinklr with one mission: to enable every organization on the planet to make their customers happier. Our vision is to be the world\'92s most loved enterprise software company, ever.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We believe in our product: Sprinklr was built from the ground up to enable a brand\'92s digital transformation. Its platform provides every customer-facing team with the ability to reach, engage, and listen to customers around the world. At Sprinklr, we have many of the world's largest brands as our clients, and our employees have the opportunity to work closely alongside them.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We invest in our people: At Sprinklr, we believe every human has the potential to be amazing. We empower each Sprinklrite in the journey toward achieving their personal and professional best. For wellbeing, this includes daily meditation breaks, virtual fitness, and access to Headspace. We have continuous learning opportunities available with LinkedIn Learning and more.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 EEO - Our philosophy: Our goal is to ensure every employee feels like they belong and are operating in a judgment-free zone regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, age, and lifestyle preference, among others. We value and celebrate diversity and fervently believe every employee matters and should be respected and heard. We believe we are stronger when we belong because collectively, we\'92re more innovative, creative, and successful.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sprinklr is proud to be an equal-opportunity workplace and is an affirmative-action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. See also Sprinklr\'92s EEO Policy and EEO is the Law.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Compensation Range
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $49,000 - $65,000 - $81,000\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The base salary range for this role at minimum, midpoint and maximum is shown above. It is not typical for a candidate to be hired close to or at the maximum of the salary range. At Sprinklr, base pay depends on multiple individualized factors, including experience, qualifications, job-related knowledge and skills, and geographic location. Base pay also depends on the relative experience, knowledge, skills to our internal peers in the role. Base pay is only one part of our competitive Total Rewards package: the successful candidate may also be eligible to participate in Sprinklr\'92s discretionary bonus plan, commission plan and/or equity plan, depending on role.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 US-based Sprinklr employees are eligible for a highly competitive benefits package as well, which demonstrates our commitment to our employees\'92 health, well-being, and financial protection. The US-based benefits include a 401k plan with 100% vested company contributions, flexible paid time off, holidays, generous caregiver and parental leaves, life and disability insurance, and health benefits including medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Featured benefits\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Medical insurance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vision insurance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dental insurance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 401(k)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paid maternity leave\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paid paternity leave\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Commuter benefits\cb1 \
}