{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/verkada/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Verkada}}
\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3765968614/?alternateChannel=search&refId=DPX%2F9t5GsewCYSZYv85MzA%3D%3D&trackingId=wQDeQWbQpUxhbERS1KGTOA%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ulc2 Enterprise Development Representative}}
\f2\b0 \ulnone \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Austin, TX \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Who We Are\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Verkada is a leader in cloud-based B2B physical security. Verkada offers six product lines \'97 video security cameras, access control, environmental sensors, alarms, workplace and intercoms \'97 integrated with a single cloud-based software platform.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Designed with simplicity and scalability in mind, Verkada gives organizations the real-time insight to know what could impact the safety and comfort of people throughout their physical environment, while empowering them to take immediate action to minimize security risks, workplace frustrations and costly inefficiencies.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Founded in 2016, Verkada has expanded rapidly with 15 offices across three continents, 2,100+ full-time employees and 30,000+ customers across 70+ countries.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We are seeking a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and experience driving new business acquisition in the Enterprise Division at Verkada. The Enterprise Development Representative role is a 12-18 month program that is designed to fast-track entry-level sales professionals into world class Mid-Market Account Executives at Verkada.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 With Verkada\'92s consistent year over year growth, now is the perfect time to join the sales team. This is an outstanding career option for an enthusiastic entry-level sales professional looking to further their career in a fast paced dynamic environment while also being part of a rapidly growing start-up.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 This position reports to the Enterprise Development Manager.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 You Will\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hit daily expectations of 100 cold-calls & 12 daily LinkedIn Sales Navigator Messages sent (We have fun while we do it!)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Generate 10 qualified meetings per month. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work closely with your assigned Enterprise Account Executives by providing accurate lead distribution, and thorough discovery; generate sales-ready meetings and opportunities by positioning the value of Verkada. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prospect, qualify, follow up and educate a high volume of cold leads. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Understand and uncover prospects needs and business problems to effectively communicate how Verkada can solve them. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use Verkada tech stack and sales enablement tools according to Verkada standards; provide metrics on leads. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Achieve quota to ensure territory revenue and growth objectives. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Establish connections with potential customers within the technical realm and collaborate with colleagues across different functions. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, adapt to changes while creating high quality opportunities and revenue growth. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Understanding of sales cycles and required qualification criteria. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have the knack for grasping complex business environments, figuring out what bugs customers, sorting out process hiccups, and turning needs into new business opportunities. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 You Have:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excitement to join our in-office culture in downtown Austin, TX 5 days/week. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 At least 1 year of professional experience (any industry, sales preferred)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proven success meeting and exceeding in current & previous (if any) roles \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A bachelor\'92s degree from a recognized university (Highly Preferred)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Thrive working in a fast paced dynamic environment with a strong sense of urgency\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The determination to work harder than anyone you know \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The willingness to cold-call and the ability to overcome rejection \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Entrepreneurial mindset with a passion for great customer service \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Intellectually curious. High IQ, EQ and self-awareness. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Competitive with a strong need of achievement \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) with peers, prospects and customers\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Salesforce & Outreach Experience (Preferred)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 US Employee Benefits\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Verkada is committed to investing in the holistic health and wellbeing of all employees and their families. Our benefits and perks programs include, but are not limited to:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Healthcare programs that can be tailored to meet the personal health and financial well-being needs - Premiums are 100% covered for the employee under most plans and 80% for family premiums\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nationwide medical, vision and dental coverage\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Health Saving Account (HSA) and Flexible Spending Account (FSA) with tax saving options\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Expanded mental health support\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paid parental leave policy & fertility benefits\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Time off to relax and recharge through our paid holidays, firmwide extended holidays, flexible PTO and personal sick time\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Professional development stipend\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wellness/fitness benefits\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Healthy lunches and dinners provided daily\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Annual Pay Range\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Verkada, we want to attract and retain the best employees, and compensate them in a way that appropriately and fairly values their individual contribution to the company. With that in mind, we carefully consider a number of factors to determine the appropriate starting pay for an employee, including their primary work location and an assessment of a candidate's skills and experience, as well as market demands and internal parity. A Verkada employee may be eligible for additional forms of compensation, depending on their role, including sales incentives, discretionary bonuses, and/or equity in the company in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Below is the annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position, comprised of base compensation and commissions (if applicable).\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Estimated Annual Pay Range\cb1 \
\
\cb3 $45,000\'97$65,000 USD\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Verkada Is An Equal Opportunity Employer\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 As an equal opportunity employer, Verkada is committed to providing employment opportunities to all individuals. All applicants for positions at Verkada will be treated without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Your application will be handled in accordance with our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.verkada.com/privacy/candidate-privacy-policy"}}{\fldrslt \ul Candidate Privacy Policy}}.
\f2\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}