{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/adinstruments/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ADInstruments}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4209686381/?alternateChannel=search&refId=NDXuxU%2B%2BjJ3IOQwT%2BQ5tcw%3D%3D&trackingId=vsqJotpUbHaRUNQecuVZpg%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Inside Sales Representative}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Colorado Springs, CO \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 The business
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ADInstruments provides innovative solutions to facilitate research and education for organizations operating within the life science sphere. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for an Inside Sales Representative to join our team in Colorado Springs.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 The position
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Are you a life science graduate (Biomedical Engineer, Physiology, Neuroscience, etc.) who is looking to start a technical sales career? Would you like to work with a world-leading company operating at the pinnacle of their industry that can be found in all of the World\'92s Top 100 Universities? If so, read on.\cb1 \
\cb3  \cb1 \
\cb3 Benefits include incentives, medical/dental/vision insurance, remote working for established/veteran employees, and a 401(k) plan. ADInstruments also offers superb training and continual technical assistance to ensure service excellence and assured repeat business. We provide a clear track for those interested in advancing their future technical sales career.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As an Inside Sales Representative, you will be tasked with increasing sales of ADInstruments\'92 product range to customers operating in the life science markets across the territory. As well as identifying new business opportunities and pursuing new clientele who may be unfamiliar with our products, you will provide sales and technical support to our existing customers.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Creating and maintaining strong relationships with the customer base, you will work alongside scientists, engineers, and educators, advising and assisting them as required. You must be comfortable discussing our products at a technical level and have the ability to conceive its application in research and education laboratories. You will develop and maintain both strong market awareness and a superb understanding of the product range.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 To be considered for this role, you must have:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 - A Bachelor of Science in the Life Science field (Anatomy, Physiology, Biology, Biomedical Engineering)\cb1 \
\cb3 - Excellent oral and written communication skills\cb1 \
\cb3 - Excellent organizational and time-management skills\cb1 \
\
\cb3 You must be a problem solver, highly computer literate and interested in technology. Laboratory research or familiarity with electronics and scientific/biomedical laboratory equipment is preferred, as well as demonstrated experience in life science fields such as physiology and neurobiology. This is an excellent opportunity for an independent, enthusiastic person looking to grow within a supportive, progressive company.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Applications close on May 2, 2025.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ADInstruments is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}