{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/oracle/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Oracle}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4198119829/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=k1zdyDFUOC2Dx%2BjRVD5FQw%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Outbound Sales Development Representative - Austin, TX}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Austin, TX \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Job Description\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Outbound Sales Development Representative \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Locations: Austin, TX (full time in the office position for first 6 month - Then open to 3 days in office/2 remote)\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 No visa sponsorship is available for this position.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Join Oracle: Empowering Change Through Innovation\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Company Overview:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Oracle, we're not just the #1 global provider of business software; we're a dynamic force transforming the way the world does business. With a presence in over 175 countries, our cutting-edge cloud solutions are revolutionizing industries, empowering governments, and driving societal progress. Our Oracle Global Industry Units (GIUs) deliver mission-critical applications that power the core functions of businesses across nine vibrant verticals: Life Sciences, Retail, Financial Services, Energy & Water, Healthcare, Government, Communications, Construction and Engineering, Hospitality, and Food & Beverage.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Our team is as diverse as the solutions we offer, and we pride ourselves on fostering a culture of inclusivity, excellence, and innovation. We connect our clients with reliable products and services tailored to their most essential business needs. Join us and be part of an energetic and inclusive team that is dedicated to making a global impact.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Why Oracle?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Oracle provides a comprehensive suite of Cloud applications, platform services, and engineered systems. Our technology stack is the backbone of many of the largest corporations and governments worldwide. As an Oracle employee, you'll enjoy competitive salaries, exceptional health benefits, and a network of passionate professionals driving industry-leading innovation. We are committed to solution selling, a fast-paced environment, and offering comprehensive training and performance-based rewards.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Role Overview:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 As an Outbound Sales Development Representative (SDR) at Oracle, you will identify and pass on to Sales, qualified Opportunities for Oracle\'92s NetSuite for Government ERP solution within the Local Government Business Unit (LGGIU). This is an opportunity to work with Tier 2 & 3 city and county government agencies to improve their operations and citizen experiences, with a tailor-made Oracle solution.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What You'll Do:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Generate High-Impact Leads: Connect with prospective clients to generate leads that convert into meaningful revenue opportunities.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Expand Market Presence: Drive growth by acquiring new clients and increasing market share.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate Globally: Work as a team player, sharing best practices and collaborating with colleagues across the globe.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Research and Intelligence: Conduct thorough research to understand your accounts and industry, providing valuable insights and opportunities.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Engage and Qualify: Identify and address prospective customer needs by understanding their business challenges and engaging with key decision-makers.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Become a Trusted Advisor: Develop a deep understanding of the One Oracle stack and GIU solutions to provide expert guidance to prospects.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strategize and Execute: Partner with sales and marketing teams to implement effective outbound campaigns and align with industry go-to-market strategies.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Career Level - IC2\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Qualifications\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Disclaimer:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 US: Hiring Range in USD from $22.31 - $34.81 per hour; from: $46,400 - $72,400 per year. May be eligible for equity. Eligible for commission with an estimated pay mix of 65/35.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle\'92s differing products, industries and lines of business.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Short term disability and long term disability\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Life insurance and AD&D\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  11 paid holidays\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid parental leave\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Adoption assistance\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Employee Stock Purchase Plan\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Financial planning and group legal\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Us\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow\'92s technology to tackle today\'92s challenges. We\'92ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector\'97and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That\'92s why we\'92re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotes opportunities for all.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency and support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We\'92re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the United States.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans\'92 status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}