{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/bazaarvoice/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bazaarvoice}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4198495519/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=Qabksn7xSp%2FCHZIlegyD0A%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Outbound Sales Development Representative, Enterprise}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 About Bazaarvoice\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Bazaarvoice, we create smart shopping experiences. Through our expansive global network, product-passionate community & enterprise technology, we connect thousands of brands and retailers with billions of consumers. Our solutions enable brands to connect with consumers and collect valuable user-generated content, at an unprecedented scale. This content achieves global reach by leveraging our extensive and ever-expanding retail, social & search syndication network. And we make it easy for brands & retailers to gain valuable business insights from real-time consumer feedback with intuitive tools and dashboards. The result is smarter shopping: loyal customers, increased sales, and improved products.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The problem we are trying to solve : Brands and retailers struggle to make real connections with consumers. It's a challenge to deliver trustworthy and inspiring content in the moments that matter most during the discovery and purchase cycle. The result? Time and money spent on content that doesn't attract new consumers, convert them, or earn their long-term loyalty.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Our brand promise : closing the gap between brands and consumers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 It\'92s official: Bazaarvoice is a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bazaarvoice.com/?page_id=32344&preview=true/#great-place-to-work"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Great Place to Work}} in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bazaarvoice.com/blog/great-place-to-work-bazaarvoice/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 US}} , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bazaarvoice.com/blog/bazaarvoice-great-place-to-work-australia/?utm_campaign=voicestorm&utm_medium=social&utm_source=None&utm_content=fb87ed16-b1c4-44cf-b3d2-375d64f884a7"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Australia}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bazaarvoice.com/blog/bazaarvoice-india-is-officially-a-great-place-to-work/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 India}}, Lithuania, France, Germany and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bazaarvoice.com/blog/great-place-to-work-uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 UK}}!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Are you interested in jump-starting your career in sales, but need hands-on training to set you up for success? As an Outbound Business Representative at Bazaarvoice, you will be part of a team whose mission is to spearhead the sales process with market-data driven prospecting, creative problem solving, and leveraging product knowledge. We provide world-class training to get you confidently up to speed. Driving pipeline, shadowing complex sales cycles and collaborating with experienced Account Directors are all part of a day\'92s work.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What You Will Be Doing\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Building and maintaining a pipeline of business through email, phone and LinkedIn prospecting\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Uncovering a company\'92s needs and catering Bazaarvoice\'92s value according to those specific needs\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demonstrating the value propositions of our products and services via webinars, emails, phone calls, etc.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positioning a high-ROI solution to some of the most well-known brands and retailers in the world\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Partnering with an Account Director to cultivate new business opportunities\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Learning the Sales cycle from beginning to end\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Learning a range of best-in-class Sales Development tools and processes\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Who You Are\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellent work ethic: Self-motivated with an ability to learn quickly. Ownership of role as if it was your own business\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Resilience: Must be comfortable handling objections, rejection, and hearing \'93No\'94, shaking it off, and continuing forward\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Motivated: You have a high level of enthusiasm and energy that can be felt on the other end of the line\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Coachability: You must be able to listen and take training/feedback with a positive approach\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exceptional Communication Skills: Clearly and concisely communicate, as well as effectively listen with both clients and internal business partners\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Curiosity: Desire to learn about both Bazaarvoice and the clients we reach\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Nice To Have\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience with Salesforce, Salesloft, Powerpoint and Excel\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience making calls in an outbound environment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Why join Bazaarvoice?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Customer is key\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We see our own success through our customers\'92 outcomes.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We approach every situation with a customer first mindset.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Transparency & Integrity Builds Trust\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We believe in the power of authentic feedback because it\'92s in our DNA.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We do the right thing when faced with hard choices. Transparency and trust accelerate our collective performance.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Passionate Pursuit of Performance\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Our energy is contagious, because we hire for passion, drive & curiosity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We love what we do, and because we\'92re laser focused on our mission.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Innovation over Imitation\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We seek to innovate as we are not content with the status quo.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We embrace agility and experimentation as an advantage.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Stronger Together\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We bring our whole selves to the mission and find value in diverse perspectives.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We champion what\'92s best for Bazaarvoice before individuals or teams.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As a stronger company we build a stronger community.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Commitment to diversity and inclusion\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world\'92s smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 At Bazaarvoice, we carefully consider multiple factors when determining compensation. Since we believe the transparency and integrity builds trust, we want to share that we expect the
\f0\b  OTE (on target earnings) 
\f1\b0 for this position to be in the range listed above is based on Bazaarvoice's good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training, and skill level. While this is a good faith estimate of the expected OTE range, Bazaarvoice reserves the right to pay outside this range if these assumptions and understandings are modified as we progress through the interview process. Your recruiter can share more about the OTE range and total compensation package during the hiring process. If this compensation is somewhere close to your desired range, we encourage you to apply!\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Desired Skills and Experience\cb1 \
}