{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic_opsz110000_YAXS1A33334_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/impactintelligenceandinvestigations/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Impact Intelligence and Investigations, LLC}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4160232727/?alternateChannel=search&refId=NDXuxU%2B%2BjJ3IOQwT%2BQ5tcw%3D%3D&trackingId=sajAnTSNhkOHvr16OtXQaQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Outside Sales Representative (Commission)}}
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Dallas, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Commission-Only Outside Sales Representative
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Impact Intelligence and Investigations, LLC \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Us
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Impact Intelligence and Investigations, LLC is a leading Dallas-based intelligence and investigations firm. We offer a diverse range of services to both corporate clients and individuals, specializing in areas such as investigative services, cybersecurity consulting, TSCM sweeps, and more. As we continue to expand, we\'92re looking for a driven and highly motivated 
\f4\i\b Commission-Only Outside Sales Representative
\f1\i0\b0  to join our team and help grow our business.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Position Overview
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 As a Commission-Only Outside Sales Representative, you\'92ll be responsible for securing new business across a variety of services including investigations, security consulting, cybersecurity, and intelligence work. This is a commission-only 1099 role, which offers uncapped earning potential based on your sales performance. You\'92ll be selling both B2B and B2C, depending on the specific campaigns assigned, and will need to use your skills in cold calling, email outreach, and in-person networking to bring in new clients.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What You'll Do
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Drive new business acquisition by prospecting, cold calling, emailing, and networking with potential clients.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Manage and grow a pipeline of leads for new case retainers in areas such as investigations, TSCM sweeps, cybersecurity consulting, and intelligence work.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Present and sell our services to clients, working closely with our inside sales team when needed.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Utilize CRM platforms like Salesforce or HubSpot to track prospects and sales activities.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Meet and exceed sales targets through persistent effort, relationship-building, and a consultative sales approach.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attend in-person meetings, networking events, and sales consultations as required for specific campaigns.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What We're Looking For
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sales Experience
\f1\b0 : At least 1 year of experience in an outside sales role with verifiable results.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reliable Transportation
\f1\b0 : Must have a vehicle to travel to sales meetings and prospecting locations within 1 hour of Downtown Dallas.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Technologically Proficient
\f1\b0 : Experience with CRM platforms like Salesforce, HubSpot, or similar tools.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Self-Motivated
\f1\b0 : The ability to work independently and manage your schedule.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellent Communication Skills
\f1\b0 : Proficiency in cold calling, emailing, and in-person sales meetings with prospects.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Eligible to Work in the USA
\f1\b0 : U.S. Citizenship or legal authorization to work in the United States.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Education
\f1\b0 : High school diploma or GED required.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience with B2B and B2C Sales
\f1\b0 : Previous experience in both business-to-business and business-to-consumer sales is highly preferred.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Compensation & Benefits
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Commission-Only Pay Structure
\f1\b0 : Commission rates of 10-15% per new case retainer closed.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Earning Potential
\f1\b0 : Commissions based on retainers ranging from $3,000 to $10,000, depending on the service and scope of the assignment.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No Benefits
\f1\b0 : This role does not include benefits, travel pay, or other employee perks.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Uncapped Earning Potential
\f1\b0 : There\'92s no cap on new client acquisition or territories. You can grow your income as large as your sales success.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Growth Potential
\f1\b0 : Based on performance, there is the possibility of transitioning to a full-time W-2 position with base salary down the road.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 How to Apply
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you\'92re ready to earn uncapped commissions and be part of a fast-growing, dynamic team, apply today here via LinkedIn.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}