{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/elastic-co/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Elastic}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4116922831/?alternateChannel=search&refId=KGUt%2BwIUgy1CeuJEJwic6A%3D%3D&trackingId=WnQsEH8dKy%2B7Eib6D8ImAQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative - (on-site) Austin, TX}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale \'97 unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data \'97 securing and protecting private information more effectively \'97 Elastic\'92s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What Is The Role\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Elastic is expanding its Sales Development team to support the explosive adoption of our offerings. Companies like Netflix, Lyft, Facebook, The New York Times, and Tinder (yeah, that Tinder) are looking to Elastic to help solve their big data problems. As a Sales Development Representative (SDR), you will play a critical role in the success of our sales organization by proactively identifying, nurturing, and creating new opportunities. Unlike most Sales Development organizations, we care about the 
\f4\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 quality 
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 of the interactions you have with our users more than the 
\f4\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 quantity
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2  of calls you make in a day. At Elastic, you will work with current users to understand their use case and help them navigate their Elastic journey.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We provide office space for in-person trainings, collaboration, and team building which is used by SDRs on average of 1-2 days per week depending on tenure, team, and preference. The in-person collaboration helps our SDRs to build stronger relationships and develop in a more collaborative and supportive environment.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 What You Will Be Doing:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 As an SDR organization, we spend most of our time finding new business to expand Elastic's presence in all market segments. Your responsibilities will include:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate with sales, marketing and our partner team to develop new strategies to build our sales pipeline and grow our business\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Balance the reactive work of responding to interested users with a creative and proactive approach to identify new opportunities\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use Salesforce, Marketo, LinkedIn, and other prospecting tools to research accounts, identify key contacts and craft targeted messaging\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Learn our technology and effectively communicate our value proposition with a technical audience. Work to understand their goals and challenges to better understand how we can help\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What You Bring Along:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 There isn\'92t a cookie-cutter mold for who we hire, but there are some common qualities each member of our high-performing team possesses:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 0-2 years of sales experience\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Open to feedback, genuinely curious and constantly looking for ways to learn and improve\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Genuine love of technology, with the ability to learn and communicate complex technical concepts - Don\'92t worry, we\'92ll give you a lot of resources!\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not afraid to pick up the phone - this is the path to success!\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hitting your monthly targets by being results oriented and focussed on achieving, through self discipline, creativity and passion\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wanting to be a part of something bigger than yourself\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Compensation for this role is in the form of base salary plus a variable component, that together comprise the On-Target Earnings (OTE). On-Target Earnings (OTE) are based on a 70/30 pay mix (base salary / target variable).\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The typical starting OTE range for new hires in this role is listed below. This range represents the lowest to highest OTE we reasonably and in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may be modified in the future.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 An employee's position within the OTE range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Elastic believes that employees should have the opportunity to share in the value that we create together for our shareholders. Therefore, in addition to cash compensation, this role is currently eligible to participate in Elastic's stock program. Our total rewards package also includes a company-matched 401k with dollar-for-dollar matching up to 6% of eligible earnings, along with a range of other benefits offered with a holistic emphasis on employee well-being.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The typical starting salary range for this role is:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 $46,200\'97$63,500 USD\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The typical starting Target Variable range for this role is:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 $19,700\'97$27,100 USD\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The typical starting On-Target Earnings (OTE) range for this role is:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 $65,900\'97$90,600 USD\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Additional Information - We Take Care Of Our People\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you\'92re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn\'92t matter if you\'92re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Health coverage for you and your family in many locations\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Generous number of vacation days each year\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co. We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)}} Poster; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision}} Poster; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)}} Poster and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Know Your Rights}} (Poster)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Elasticsearch develops and distributes encryption software and technology that is subject to U.S. export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the Donetsk People\'92s Republic (\'93DNR\'94), and the Luhansk People\'92s Republic (\'93LNR\'94). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 here}} for our Privacy Statement.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)}}\cb3  Poster; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/migrated_files/employers/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)}} Poster; and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)}} Poster.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 here}} for our Privacy Statement.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Benefits found in job post\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 401(k)\cb1 \
}