{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/lendzi/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lendzi}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4214631127/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=EN%2FeI%2Bv%2BHtGPattMaZ1XPw%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative}}
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 New York, NY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Lendzi
\f1\b0  is actively searching for a self-motivated individual to join our growing team as a Sales Development Representative for business loans. 
\f0\b Lendzi 
\f1\b0 is a leader in the FinTech space and is a direct lender that caters to small and mid-sized businesses through technology-driven financing. Where banks fail, 
\f0\b Lendzi 
\f1\b0 provides the capital solutions for businesses.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Founded in 2020, 
\f0\b Lendzi 
\f1\b0 is experiencing rapid growth and would like you to be the right fit for our growing sales team. We will provide you the leads, training and resources needed to achieve success; both professionally and financially. We are looking for a hungry individual who thrives in an environment where all eyes are on them to succeed. The ideal candidate is an energetic self-starter with the ability to identify influencers and key decision makers within accounts. You will discover qualified opportunities by responding to inbound interests and targeted outbound prospects to build rapport and establish long-term relationships. \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Responsibilities:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'95 Taking warm in-house generated leads of business owners requesting assistance\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Gather information and lead each prospective client from pre-qualification to closing\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Positive attitude and desire to work hard\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Discipline & commitment\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 High degree of passion and energy for to succeed\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Excellent communication and professional relationship building skills\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Strong phone skills, and the willingness to work\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Have an innate ability to build rapport and develop trust quickly with business owners\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Position Qualifications:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'95 Must be hard working, competitive, and highly motivated and punctual\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Applicants must be RESULTS \'96 DRIVEN and persistent\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Bachelor\'92s degree preferred upon expected graduation date\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Strong verbal and written communication skills\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Strong phone skills\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Honest and Professional\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Intermediate computer skills- Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 No previous industry experienced required\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Fun and professional environment\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Tremendous career growth opportunities for the right individuals\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Training programs\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Job Type: Full-time/OnSite\cb1 \
\cb3 Pay: $45,000 Base+Commission ($40k-$120k)\cb1 \
\cb3 Full Benefits\cb1 \
\cb3 Equipment Provided\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Lendzi
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Lendzi is a leader in online small business lending. Since 2020, our founders and management team has powered Main Street\'92s growth through advanced lending technology and a constant dedication to customer service. This year alone, we have assisted businesses acquire more than 20mm in business capital across the United States and growing rapidly.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, 
\f0\b Lendzi 
\f1\b0 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Lendzi complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}