{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/recurly/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Recurly}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4207528177/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=snHVKn3WRUF7rHoUqXB%2Fjg%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative - Outbound}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 About Recurly:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Recurly, Inc., a SaaS company, provides a versatile subscription management platform to manage the entire subscription lifecycle for market-leading brands worldwide. Subscription businesses such as Sling TV, FabFitFun, Cinemark and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fubo.tv/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Fubo.tv}} depend on Recurly to harness the power of the subscription model and drive recurring revenue growth. Since its launch in 2009, Recurly has deployed subscription billing for thousands of companies across 55 countries. Our platform empowers billions of credit card transactions and has enabled customers to recover nearly $1.3 billion in revenue in 2024.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Recurly is backed by Accel-KKR, a leading technology-focused private equity firm with over $10 billion in capital commitments. The partnership offers Recurly access to significant capital and resources to make continued investments in technology and platform innovation and expand our go-to-market initiatives.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Are you passionate about sales and ready to jump-start your career by mastering the art of cold calling and phone outreach? Join us as we power the success of subscription companies!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Recurly is seeking an enthusiastic Sales Development Representative (SDR) to take our Sales team to the next level. In this role, you will be the driving force behind identifying high-potential leads, initiating meaningful conversations over the phone, and converting opportunities into successful partnerships. Your primary focus will be on outbound efforts, connecting with decision-makers at target companies, and nurturing leads through your persuasive communication skills.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Responsibilities\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cold Calling Mastery: Conduct proactive and strategic cold calls to engage decision-makers at target companies\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lead Qualification: Qualify and nurture new leads into revenue-generating opportunities through well-planned and executed outreach efforts\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daily Prioritization: Organize day-to-day activities to ensure all sales quotas and management objectives related to cold calling are met\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CRM Management: Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of leads and interactions via CRM tools\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Product Expertise: Become an expert in our product offerings, knowing the Recurly product inside and out\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sales Targets: Consistently meet and exceed sales targets through effective cold calling and outreach strategies\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Requirements\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Team-player mentality, mature, hard-working, accountable with business acumen, professionalism, and the ability to be authoritative when necessary\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Must possess strong oral, written communication skills\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data-driven, continually leveraging insights to drive optimization and performance improvement \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demonstrates professionalism, integrity, assertiveness, adapts quickly to change, and as a catalyst influencing others\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong interpersonal skills and desire to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Must have the ability to work autonomously and be self-motivated\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Recurly is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, religion, or any other classification which is protected by applicable law. Recurly is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://talent@recurly.com/careers/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 talent@recurly.com\cb1 \ulnone \
\
}}Benefits & Compensation:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As a full-time employee, Recurly offers competitive benefits programs, perks and options designed to fit your needs and the needs of your family. We offer medical, dental and vision benefits and a menu from which to choose options that work best for you and eligible dependents. We also offer life insurance, short and long-term disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness coverage, employee accident protection, health savings account (HSA) with company contribution & flexible spending account (FSA) options, employee assistance program, Legal and Pet Insurance.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Other perks may include:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 401(k) Retirement Plan and company match\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Company equity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Flex Time Off\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Company Events\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Training/Development\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Tuition reimbursement\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Commuter benefits\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Volunteer opportunities\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Monthly internet stipend\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Desired Skills and Experience\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
}