{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/outset-ai/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Outset}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4212836610/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=dQoo9Lna8FMFs0TG24VDDw%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative}}
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 San Francisco Bay Area \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Outset
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Outset is building the better way to do research: AI-powered user interviews. Global brands like Hubspot, Microsoft, Uber and Nestle use Outset to achieve deeper, qualitative insights about their users at unprecedented speed and scale.\cb1 \
\cb3 The research industry is massive (>$140B and growing) and ripe for disruption. Incumbents are outdated, slow, and burdened by high-cost services. That's our opportunity.\cb1 \
\cb3 Outset is funded by some of Silicon Valley\'92s top investors (Y Combinator, Adverb Ventures, 20sales, Matrix Partners, Jack Altman, Ryan Hoover, among others) and is located in the heart of San Francisco\'92s Financial District. We are a tight-knit team of 10 serving some of the world's largest enterprise customers.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 The Solution
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 We\'92ve created an end-to-end, AI-moderated research platform that conducts deep-dive interviews with participants to understand user experiences, evaluate concepts, and test designs. Our AI synthesizes conversational data, delivering precise, actionable insights.\cb1 \
\cb3 Our customers complete hundreds of interviews in hours, dramatically accelerating research cycles and enabling unprecedented data scale. Outset leverages proprietary infrastructure built upon leading language and voice AI models.\cb1 \
\cb3 We are customer-driven at our core.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 The Role: Senior Sales Development Representative
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 As a Senior SDR at Outset, you will be on the front lines of prospecting and driving new business opportunities. You\'92ll prospect, research, and engage with potential enterprise customers. You will:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conduct high-volume outbound prospecting (calls, emails, social channels) to source leads.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Source qualified leads from industry conference lead lists, webinars, and other marketing activations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attend industry conferences to network and generate new business along with the rest of the GTM team.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strategically identify and engage with decision-makers, tailoring outreach to address key business needs and pain points.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate closely with Enterprise Account Executives, ensuring seamless handoff of qualified leads.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Consistently meet or exceed monthly and quarterly pipeline generation targets.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Leverage CRM tools to track outreach activity, measure success, and identify areas for improvement.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work cross-functionally with marketing, GTM, and product teams to refine messaging and share market feedback.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Skills/Experience Required
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2+ years in an SDR/BDR role, preferably within a fast-paced SaaS environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proven success sourcing and developing net-new pipeline through creative, multi-channel outreach.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to engage and influence senior-level executives.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 High degree of organization, accountability, and a results-oriented mindset.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Familiarity with CRM platforms and sales engagement tools (e.g., Salesforce, Sales Navigator, Outreach, or Apollo).\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Self-starter approach and comfort operating in a dynamic startup environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bonus: Experience in research, analytics, or AI-driven SaaS products.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 NOTE: This role may involve travel up to 20% of the time.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Outset is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees, free from discrimination based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}