{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/netenrich/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Netenrich, Inc.}}
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \

\f1\fs48 \cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4168757781/?alternateChannel=search&refId=DPX%2F9t5GsewCYSZYv85MzA%3D%3D&trackingId=CmMdiIPIhmACtdlPFhVSEQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ulc2 Sales Development Representative}}
\f2\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 San Jose, CA \'b7\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Job Title:
\f2\b0  Sales Development Representative (SDR)\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Reports to: 
\f2\b0 Account Executive BDR\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Location:
\f2\b0  Onsite in San Jose, CA\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 About Netenrich, Inc.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 We are a leading provider of AI-driven IT operations and cybersecurity solutions, empowering businesses with real-time insights, proactive threat management, and enhanced operational efficiency. Our cutting-edge Adaptive MDR (Managed Detection and Response) service leverages Google Chronicle SecOps to optimize security operations, reduce costs, and strengthen overall security posture.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 The Opportunity 
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 We are seeking a dynamic and results-driven Sales Development Representative (SDR) to join our team. The ideal candidate will play a critical role in driving growth for our MDR solutions by identifying new opportunities, nurturing prospects, and collaborating closely with the sales and marketing teams to deliver intelligent security solutions to businesses.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Key Responsibilities
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proactively identify and qualify sales opportunities for MDR, CDR, and SecOps solutions, leveraging knowledge of threat detection and incident response technologies.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Engage with prospects through various channels (email, phone, social media, etc.) to generate interest and build a robust pipeline.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Partner with Sales Managers to understand customer needs and effectively communicate the value of our MDR platform.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stay current on cybersecurity trends, particularly those related to Managed Detection and Response and Chronicle SecOps.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maintain accurate and organized records of customer interactions in CRM tools.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Your Qualifications
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1-3 years of experience in a sales or business development role, preferably within cybersecurity or IT operations.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong understanding of cybersecurity concepts, particularly threat detection and incident response.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to engage technical and non-technical stakeholders.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Self-motivated, goal-oriented, and eager to contribute to a fast-paced, innovative team.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bonus points: Experience working with Google or Chronicle SecOps\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with Salesforce, Outreach, Zoominfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Gong, Zoom, G-suite\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What We Offer
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We offer a competitive salary and commission structure that recognizes your hard work and dedication, motivating you to achieve your best.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental, and vision insurance, is designed to take care of your well-being and provide you with a sense of security.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We provide numerous opportunities for professional growth and career advancement, fostering a sense of hope and ambition in your career at Netenrich.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At Netenrich, we foster a collaborative and inclusive work environment that values diversity of thought. We believe that a diverse team leads to better innovation and problem-solving, and we are committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels valued and respected.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Access to the latest tools and technologies in the cybersecurity industry.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Significant professional development and career growth opportunities.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Salary commensurate with experience. We offer a range of great benefits to our employees: medical, dental, vision, short-term and long-term disability and life insurance benefits. The company provides 15 PTO days and 10 paid company holidays per year.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Compensation varies based on a variety of factors which include (but aren\'92t limited to) such as role level, skills and competencies, qualifications, knowledge, geography, and experience. In addition to base pay, certain roles are eligible to participate in our bonus or commission plans, as well as our benefits offerings, and equity awards.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The expected annual base salary range for this role is $60,000 - $90,000.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Netenrich, Inc.
\f0\b  
\f2\b0 is an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, age, or any other basis protected by law.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Join Our Team
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 At Netenrich, you'll shape the future of cybersecurity sales. If you are passionate about sales and cybersecurity and are looking for an exciting opportunity to grow your career, we want to hear from you!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb3 Featured benefits\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Medical insurance\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Vision insurance\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dental insurance\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
401(k)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Commuter benefits\cb1 \
}