{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/axonius/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Axonius}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4164199385/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=q4cY%2FYufCfUiIkktsXIu4A%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Location: Candidates must be based in Austin, TX\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 About Axonius\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Join the rocketship fueling Axonius' growth! As a Sales Development Representative (SDR), you'll be at the forefront of our mission to be an industry leader. You'll play a vital role in generating qualified leads and driving revenue by creating market awareness and connecting with top prospects.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Responsibilities\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Generate Qualified Leads: Proactively identify and qualify leads through strategic outbound campaigns (calls, emails, LinkedIn) in collaboration with 2-4 Field Account Executives.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Execute Targeted Campaigns: Uncover prospect needs and platform fit, scheduling discovery calls and demos.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prospect Research: Build and maintain targeted lists of key accounts and contacts.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inbound Lead Management: Respond to and qualify inbound leads from demos, events, and marketing initiatives.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Meeting Coordination: Schedule high-quality platform demonstrations for the sales team.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Achieve Performance Goals: Meet and exceed performance metrics while maintaining high-quality standards.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Qualifications\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Driven & Curious: Passionate about sales and eager to learn and grow in a fast-paced environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong Communication: Excellent qualifying, presentation, written, and verbal communication skills.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Relationship Builder: Comfortable engaging with customers, colleagues, and prospects.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adaptable: Ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Local Presence: Must reside in or be willing to relocate to Austin, TX, and work on-site/hybrid.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Nice To Have\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sales/Customer Experience: Experience in customer-facing roles or sales teams (e.g., Sales Development Representative, SDR, automotive, retail, real estate).\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cybersecurity Knowledge: Understanding of technology and the cybersecurity industry.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Technical Proficiency: Familiarity with CRMs, outbound tools (e.g., Outreach), contact databases (e.g., ZoomInfo), and LinkedIn Sales Navigator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 A Little More About Axonius Austin\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A hybrid model. This team is 4 days in the office and one day from home. We offer team events, happy hours, free parking, and weekly catered lunches.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Great people. Our people aren\'92t just great professionals, they are great people. We are all here to support each other, ready to help and do what\'92s best for the entire company. \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A focus on career growth. We love seeing our people grow into new roles and work hard to ensure everyone sees and can realize a long term career path here at Axonius. We offer ongoing growth opportunities, including mentorship programs, a learning and development stipend, and company-wide courses..\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Next level Benefits. 100% coverage of 3 different tiers of employee healthcare premiums. Dental, vision, and 401k match.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Top-notch family leave options. 17 weeks of parental leave for primary caregivers and 8 weeks for secondary caregivers. Additional time off for important life events like marriage, birth of a grandchild, and more!\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We give back. Corporate social responsibility partnerships, employee giving campaigns, and volunteer time off.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Competitive compensation. Market rate salaries, bonuses, or commissions. Stock options for all full time employees with equity refresh opportunities.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DEI focused. Highly supported Employee Resource Groups (ERG). Executive-level diversity and inclusion goals. Training, events, and mentorship options.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Compensation\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 OTE: $80,000 60/40 split\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Perks are uncapped commission potential with accelerators and monthly SPIFF opportunities. We also offer equity, free healthcare coverage (for the employee) among other great benefits!\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Axonius is committed to fair and equitable compensation packages. A candidate\'92s salary will be based on qualifications and relevant experience. In addition to a competitive salary, our packages include stock options and attractive benefits.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Annual On Target Earnings\cb1 \
\
\cb3 $80,000\'97$80,000 USD\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 A Little More About Axonius\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Axonius transforms asset intelligence into intelligent action. With the Axonius Asset Cloud, customers preemptively tackle high-risk and hard-to-spot threat exposures, misconfigurations, and overspending. The integrated platform brings together data from every system in an organization\'92s IT infrastructure to optimize mission-critical risk, performance, and cost measures via actionable intelligence. Covering cyber assets, software, SaaS applications, identities, vulnerabilities, infrastructure, and more, Axonius is the one place to go for Security, IT, and GRC teams to continuously drive actionability across the organization. Cited as one of the fastest-growing cybersecurity startups, with accolades from CNBC, Forbes, and Fortune, Axonius covers the lifecycle of millions of assets for leading customers across industries and around the world.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Axonius is named to the 2025 Fast Company World\'92s Most Innovative Companies and the 2024 Forbes Cloud 100. Axonius is recognized with the Great Place to Work Certification\'99 and for two years in a row, Axonius was ranked Deloitte Technology Fast 500 list. Axonius has been cited as the fastest-growing cybersecurity company in history by revenue.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 At Axonius we support a diverse and inclusive workplace and believe in equal employment opportunity. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives, regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 By submitting your application to us, you acknowledge that your personal data will be processed in accordance with our Global Job Candidate Privacy Notice.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}