{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz133333_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/oracle/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Oracle}}
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4192320936/?alternateChannel=search&refId=KGUt%2BwIUgy1CeuJEJwic6A%3D%3D&trackingId=IKeJ3ZMxAfv4qFepm1iyrA%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative - Austin, TX}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Job Description\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Location: Austin, TX - This role is full time in office (5 days/week) for first 6 months of onboarding and ramp up period. After 6 months, it will be 3 days/week in office. \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 No visa sponsorship is available for this position.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Are you ready to drive success and make a significant impact in the world of sales? Join Oracle\'92s dynamic team as an 
\f0\b Outbound Sales Development Representative (SDR)
\f1\b0  and help shape the future of industry-specific solutions!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Why Oracle?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Oracle, we value innovation, inclusivity, and growth. As an Sales Development Representative, you'll be at the forefront of our mission to expand market reach and generate high-quality leads. Our inclusive culture celebrates diverse perspectives and encourages every team member to contribute their best.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What You\'92ll Do:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Drive Revenue Growth: Connect with prospective clients to generate 5-star leads that transform into revenue. Be the catalyst for expanding our industry market share through new client acquisition.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Be a Collaborative All-Star: Bring your A-game every day and thrive in a team environment. Share best practices, collaborate with colleagues globally, and contribute to a positive, high-energy atmosphere.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Research and Innovate: Dive deep into account research, gather intelligence, and develop a keen understanding of industry needs. Identify opportunities and gaps to create strategic solutions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Qualify and Engage: Uncover and understand prospective customer needs by engaging key decision-makers and addressing their business challenges.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Become a Trusted Advisor: Build comprehensive knowledge of the One Oracle stack and GIU solutions, positioning yourself as a trusted advisor to our prospects.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strategize and Execute: Partner with sales and marketing teams to craft and execute outbound campaigns and sales plays, aligning with our go-to-market strategies.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Skills We\'92re Looking For:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Industry Insight: Financial Services industry experience is preferred, but a passion for learning and adapting is key.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sales Experience: 2+ years in a sales or business development outbound prospecting role, with a proven track record of generating high-quality leads.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Educational Background: Bachelor\'92s degree preferred, or a minimum of 3 years of relevant work experience in outbound sales or business development roles, with industry domain experience.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tech Savvy: While software and technology experience is not required, a readiness to embrace and learn new technologies is essential.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exceptional Communicator: Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to engage effectively with both technical and business executives.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Why Join Us?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Oracle, we\'92re more than just a workplace\'97we\'92re a community committed to your professional growth and success. We offer a supportive environment where diverse voices are heard and innovation thrives. This is your opportunity to be part of a forward-thinking team that values your contributions and is dedicated to your development.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Ready to make an impact?
\f1\b0  Apply now to become an Outbound Sales Development Representative and help Oracle drive the future of business solutions!\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Life at Oracle:
\f1\b0 An Oracle career can span industries, roles, countries and cultures, giving you the opportunity to tackle new roles and challenges, while blending work and life. Oracle has thrived through 40+ years of change by innovating and operating with integrity while delivering for the top companies in almost every industry. To nurture the talent that makes this happen, we work hard to build a vibrant and inspiring workplace that celebrates diverse, hardworking teams where everyone can contribute. We take care of each other, and value giving back to the community. We have flexible work arrangements and offer benefits including generous paid parental leave and comprehensive premium medical insurance.We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/diversity-inclusion/\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Career Level - IC2\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Qualifications\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Disclaimer:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 US: Hiring Range in USD from $22.31 - $34.81 per hour; from: $46,400 - $72,400 per year. May be eligible for equity. Eligible for commission with an estimated pay mix of 65/35.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle\'92s differing products, industries and lines of business.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Short term disability and long term disability\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Life insurance and AD&D\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  11 paid holidays\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Paid parental leave\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Adoption assistance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Employee Stock Purchase Plan\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Financial planning and group legal\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 About Us\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow\'92s technology to tackle today\'92s challenges. We\'92ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector\'97and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That\'92s why we\'92re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotes opportunities for all.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency and support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We\'92re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the United States.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans\'92 status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Benefits found in job post\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vision insurance\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Commuter benefits\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 401(k)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Medical insurance\cb1 \
}