{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/bigbelly-community/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Bigbelly}}
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4214645877/?alternateChannel=search&refId=DPX%2F9t5GsewCYSZYv85MzA%3D%3D&trackingId=JSBX48Ca1Euzm6BujgOJHA%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ulc2 Sales Development Representative}}
\f3\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 Needham, MA\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
A Sales Development Representative plays a critical role in the Bigbelly Sales organization. The Sales Development Team is accountable for strategically generating all new business opportunities for the Bigbelly sales team and for driving small to midsize opportunities to close within their territory. The ideal candidate for this role is self-motivated, results-oriented, professional, and an expert communicator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 This sales quota-bearing position is responsible for the entire sales process for Bigbelly\'92s small to midsize opportunities and for executing strategic lead-generation campaigns. Lead generation campaigns are strategically targeted toward potential Bigbelly customers within the assigned territory and consist of cold calls and emails. Success in this role will depend on one's ability to build enough interest with potential customers via cold calls and emails so that the prospect agrees to a sales web presentation. Ideal candidates for this position must be confident and skillful at giving sales presentations and easily navigate sales calls. Our sales process requires an ability to determine customer pain points and key drivers for adopting our product.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The right candidate for this role thrives in a fast-paced and changing environment. They actively seek out new challenges and aim to be the best at everything they do. They must be resilient, persistent, positive, open-minded, and eager to learn.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 This is an entry-level position reporting to the Sales Development Lead and Regional Sales Director. This is a hybrid-work role, being in person a minimum of 3 days/week. (Full-time while in training)\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Sales Development Representative
\f3\b0  
\f0\b Responsibilities:
\f3\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Identify and qualify prospective customers and record sales prospecting activity in computer-based tracking systems\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Research into assigned territory to select targets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Marketing campaign development, implementation, and follow-up\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Outbound sales cold calling and emailing\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inbound sales follow-up\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Present the Bigbelly product to leads via web conferencing platform\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contact sourcing for key players within the target region\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pipeline management\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Identifies and qualifies prospective customers and records sales prospecting activity in computer-based tracking systems\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requirements\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bachelor\'92s degree in an appropriate field of study or equivalent work experience \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with cold calling preferred \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience giving presentations preferred \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Excellent verbal and written communication skills \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MS Office experience \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Time management skills \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Attention to detail \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ability to work independently and collaborate in a team setting \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Knowledge of \ul Salesforce.com\cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}