{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/rubrik-inc/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rubrik}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3995245987/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=P1D76qdm5TIMw9BpqVG2Zw%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative}}
\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
About the job\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 About Team & About Role\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Rubrik\'92s Sales organization is a united group of elite cross-functional sales professionals that help companies & government entities achieve resilience against cyberattacks, malicious insiders, and operational disruptions. We offer continuous professional growth and opportunity through our world-class sales enablement program. Our One Rubrik selling approach provides all the resources you need to exceed your goals, maximize your earnings potential, and take your career to the next level. All this while doing something truly purposeful, protecting the world's data.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Rubrik\'92s Sales Development Representatives (SDRs) form the core of our ambitious go-to-market strategy and sales pipeline engine. Through independent outbound hunting and a proportion of inbound leads, the SDR team books high-quality meetings with potential new customers for Rubrik\'92s sales organization. We do this by having a targeted set of prospects that we research, personalize our messaging to, and influence to evaluate Rubrik.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 What You\'92ll Do\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Identify high-potential customers, research Rubrik\'92s value fit, personalize messaging to prospects, and generate high-quality new business meetings for the company\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Responsible for outbound/inbound activities for our enterprise customer prospecting by contacting via email, social, and phone calls to qualify prospects to set meetings\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Follow up on inbound leads generated by Marketing and stay within compliance metrics, i.e. timely follow-up and attempts to connect \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate with the field sales team you\'92re aligned with and develop strategies for breaking into new accounts \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stay up-to-date on market trends, competition, and industry developments \'96 we\'92re seeing cybersecurity breaches daily in today\'92s world. Rubrik can make an impact. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Be an expert on what we do and how we help our customers keep their businesses up and running.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use customer relationship management (Salesforce & Salesloft) software to manage leads and sales activities\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Own your business and your sales targets, and be able to report on your results to your stakeholders. What you put in is what you get out! \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Develop how to think on your feet and learn the art of sales through team pitch competitions, boot camps, training, and more \'96 we love friendly competition! \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will receive coaching and development on an ongoing basis, our managers will assist with developing your skills and approach to calls, thus improving Rubrik\'92s service to its customers. (Note: Telephone calls to and from prospects & customers, may be recorded and listened to from time to time by yourself and management.)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will be working in-office 3-5 days a week for active coaching and peer camaraderie\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Experience You\'92ll Need\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 0-2 years of B2B sales and/or lead generation experience\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Interest and ability to learn technical concepts quickly\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Desire for a successful career in sales/business development\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 EQ: Self-aware, hard-working, personable and humble\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What would make you successful in this role?\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Intellectually Hungry - You never stop learning and asking questions\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrity - You challenge the status quo when you\'92ve found a better way and you do the right thing no matter what\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Get it done\'94 mentality - You are proactive and execute with brilliant focus and a relentless spirit\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborative - You care about your own career goals, in addition to the success of your team\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Driven - You challenge yourself to go above and beyond your responsibilities\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What do our perks look like?\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Uncapped commission structure\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Equity\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Competitive pay\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comprehensive medical, dental & vision insurance, 401(k)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Weekly team events\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Join Us in Securing the World's Data\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Rubrik (NYSE: RBRK) is on a mission to secure the world\'92s data. With Zero Trust Data Security\'99, we help organizations achieve business resilience against cyberattacks, malicious insiders, and operational disruptions. Rubrik Security Cloud, powered by machine learning, secures data across enterprise, cloud, and SaaS applications. We help organizations uphold data integrity, deliver data availability that withstands adverse conditions, continuously monitor data risks and threats, and restore businesses with their data when infrastructure is attacked.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/rubrik-inc/mycompany/verification/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Linkedin}}\cb3  | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/rubrikinc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 X (formerly Twitter)}} | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/rubrikinc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Instagram}} | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.rubrik.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Rubrik.com\cb1 \ulnone \
\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Inclusion @ Rubrik\cb1 \
\
\cb3 At Rubrik, we are dedicated to fostering a culture where people from all backgrounds are valued, feel they belong, and believe they can succeed. Our commitment to inclusion is at the heart of our mission to secure the world\'92s data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Our goal is to hire and promote the best talent, regardless of background. We continually review our hiring practices to ensure fairness and strive to create an environment where every employee has equal access to opportunities for growth and excellence. We believe in empowering everyone to bring their authentic selves to work and achieve their fullest potential.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Our inclusion strategy focuses on three core areas of our business and culture:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Our Company: We are committed to building a merit-based organization that offers equal access to growth and success for all employees globally. Your potential is limitless here. \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Our Culture: We strive to create an inclusive atmosphere where individuals from all backgrounds feel a strong sense of belonging, can thrive, and do their best work. Your contributions help us innovate and break boundaries. \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Our Communities: We are dedicated to expanding our engagement with the communities we operate in, creating opportunities for underrepresented talent and driving greater innovation for our clients. Your impact extends beyond Rubrik, contributing to safer and stronger communities. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Rubrik is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please contact us at hr@rubrik.com if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 EEO IS THE LAW\cb1 \ulnone \
\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/olms/regs/compliance/eo_posters/employeerightsposter2page_19final.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL LABOR LAWS}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
}