{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c74902;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/closinglock/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Closinglock}}
\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4193825619/?alternateChannel=search&refId=njPSN9K113HCs5dKeX1blg%3D%3D&trackingId=rvqZF%2BP3hZDrZ77BBF08tQ%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Sales Development Representative}}
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Austin, TX\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Company Overview\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Closinglock is modernizing the real estate world\'92s way of transferring information and funds to eliminate wire fraud and provide a secure, easy-to-use platform for title companies, law firms, and other financial services to protect themselves and their clients from wire fraud. We act in the long-term best interests of our customers by understanding their problems. When our customers win, we win. To date, we have protected over $250B+ in funds related to residential property transactions. Closinglock\'92s platform has been used by clients in all 50 states and across 42 countries.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Closinglock was founded in 2017 by Andy White, CEO, and his wife, Abigail White. The company is headquartered in Austin, TX, with an office in downtown Austin. Today the company has grown to 60+ employees across product & engineering, sales, partnerships, customer success, marketing, and finance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Mission
\f1\b0 : Simplify the real estate closing experience for all parties\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Vision
\f1\b0 : Provide a secure and efficient transfer of data and funds\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The inherent value of what we offer with our fraud prevention platform and modern payment solution for real estate is protecting a homebuyer\'92s largest investment in their life.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We are rapidly growing our team and are looking for more incredible talent. Our current team is built of top performers from world-class companies, and we will continue to hire that way. We firmly believe that top performers want to work with other top performers. We have a lot of fun at work because we trust each other and respect each other's talents, abilities, and experiences. We are hyper-focused on a common vision, and our company strength is based on the unparalleled quality of our team. There is no limit to what we can accomplish together!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Check out our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.closinglock.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 website}} to learn more about our company.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 About The Role\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The Sales Development Representative role offers an exciting progression pathway within the sales team and presents the ideal environment for you to develop and sharpen your skills in preparation for an Account Executive position. You will be reaching out, engaging, and setting meetings for our Senior Sales executives with Closinglock opportunities across the US. Additionally, you will be provided with an amazing sales technology stack and everything you need to ensure your success!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Job Responsibilities\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Focus on the first stages of the client relationship before scheduling Senior Sales Team members to meet with prospective clients\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Engage with prospective clients via phone, email, LinkedIn, and in-person conferences.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Research and build a pipeline of clients\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Learning product and preparing for a successful transition into an Account Executive role or desired career path\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Who do we want to hire?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An individual with a strong interest in a future in sales. Sales experience is a plus, but not required! We are looking for those who are coachable and willing to learn.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shows the ambition and drive required to excel in a rapidly growing, fast-paced and dynamic environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong communication and listening skills, with a positive approach.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Will quickly and easily develop relationships with potential clients, building rapport from the first call. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Are eager to learn, try new things and keen to develop. We are looking for go-getters with an internal drive to make an impact. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This is a full-time, in-person position in our Austin, TX office.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Perks & Benefits\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Closinglock, we invest in our employees and provide a full range of benefits and perks to help you grow and thrive. From generous paid time off and healthcare coverage to career enrichment and development programs. These benefits include:\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work-life balance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Competitive Salary\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Equity compensation\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Unlimited PTO\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 401k\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Monthly team get-togethers (Lunches, social events, sports outings, etc)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Closinglock is an equal opportunity employer and we welcome everyone to our team. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}