{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic_opsz110000_YAXS1A3332C_wght2580000;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic_opsz110000_YAXS1A33334_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/hawcx/life"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hawcx}}
\f1\b\fs48 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4203557299/?alternateChannel=search&refId=DPX%2F9t5GsewCYSZYv85MzA%3D%3D&trackingId=a6gHk6UKRtPMBMjeNmuU8g%3D%3D&trk=d_flagship3_search_srp_jobs"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ulc4 Sales Development Representative (SDR)}}
\f2\b0\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf4 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 San Francisco Bay Area \'b7 2 weeks ago \'b7 Over 100 applicants\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf4 \cb3 \
\
\
\
About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 About Hawcx:
\f2\b0  Hawcx is a recently funded, cutting-edge cybersecurity company revolutionizing user authentication with our innovative passwordless solution. We are eliminating the pain and security risks associated with traditional passwords, offering a seamless and secure experience for businesses of all sizes. Backed by seasoned institutional investors, we are setup for rapid growth and are looking for a driven and enthusiastic Sales Development Representative to join our early team and help us shape the future of security.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 The Opportunity: 
\f2\b0 As our first Sales Development Representative, you will play a crucial role in fueling Hawcx's growth by identifying and qualifying potential customers. You will be at the forefront of our sales efforts, engaging with prospects, understanding their challenges, and setting up qualified meetings for our CEO (and future Account Executives). This is an exciting opportunity to make a significant impact in a fast-paced startup environment and contribute directly to our success. \cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 What You Will Do:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Prospecting & Research:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Identify and research potential target companies and key decision-makers within our Ideal Customer Profile (ICP) using tools like LinkedIn Sales Navigator and other resources. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Outreach Strategy:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Develop and execute effective cold outreach strategies via email, LinkedIn, and potentially phone to engage prospects. \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Compelling Messaging:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Craft personalized and engaging outreach messages that highlight the value proposition of Hawcx and resonate with the prospect's pain points. \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Lead Qualification:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Engage with prospects to understand their security challenges, current authentication methods, and business needs. Qualify leads based on defined criteria (e.g., need, fit, potential). \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Meeting Scheduling:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Schedule qualified meetings between prospects and our CEO (and future Account Executives) for product demonstrations and deeper discussions. \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 CRM Management:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Accurately track and update all activities and lead information in our CRM system. \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Market Feedback:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Provide valuable feedback to the CEO on market trends, prospect responses, and the effectiveness of outreach strategies. \cb1 \

\f5\i\b \cf4 \cb3 Achieve Goals:
\f2\i0\b0 \cf4  Meet and exceed monthly and quarterly targets for qualified meetings booked. \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 What You Will Bring:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proven track record of success in SaaS Sales Development role\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with cold outreach and lead generation\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Familiarity with sales tools (CRM, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, email automation)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong qualification skills. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong research and analytical abilities. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Resilience and a positive attitude in the face of rejection. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Goal-oriented and self-motivated with a strong work ethic. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Highly organized and detail-oriented. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tech-savvy and comfortable using various software and online tools. \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A proactive and problem-solving mindset. \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bonus:
\f2\b0  Interest or understanding of cybersecurity and SaaS. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 What We Offer:
\f2\b0  \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Competitive base salary \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Commission structure with significant earning potential. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Competitive Health Benefits\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flexible time off\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Opportunity to be a key early member of a rapidly growing and well-funded startup. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Significant opportunity for career growth as the company expands. \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The chance to make a real impact on the future of cybersecurity. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 To Apply:\cb1 \
\cb3 Interested candidates are encouraged to apply directly through LinkedIn with their resume \cb1 \
\
\cb3 #SalesDevelopmentRepresentative #SDR #Sales #BusinessDevelopment #Cybersecurity #Passwordless #Startup #BayArea #Hiring\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
}